domain/PetTest.java
 domain.PetTest
domain/ToyTest.java
 domain.ToyTest
service/AdoptionServiceTest.java
 service.AdoptionServiceTest
domain/validators/PetValidatorTest.java
 domain.validators.PetValidatorTest
repository/XML/XMLRepositoryAdoptionTest.java
 repository.XML.XMLRepositoryAdoptionTest
repository/DB/DBRepositoryPurchaseTest.java
 repository.DB.DBRepositoryPurchaseTest
domain/validators/ClientValidatorTest.java
 domain.validators.ClientValidatorTest
domain/validators/ToyValidatorTest.java
 domain.validators.ToyValidatorTest
repository/DB/DBRepositoryAdoptionTest.java
 repository.DB.DBRepositoryAdoptionTest
repository/DB/DBRepositoryPetTest.java
 repository.DB.DBRepositoryPetTest
domain/PurchaseTest.java
 domain.PurchaseTest
repository/DB/DBRepositoryToyTest.java
 repository.DB.DBRepositoryToyTest
repository/XML/XMLRepositoryPetTest.java
 repository.XML.XMLRepositoryPetTest
domain/validators/PurchaseValidatorTest.java
 domain.validators.PurchaseValidatorTest
domain/AdoptionTest.java
 domain.AdoptionTest
repository/XML/XMLRepositoryToyTest.java
 repository.XML.XMLRepositoryToyTest
domain/validators/AdoptionValidatorTest.java
 domain.validators.AdoptionValidatorTest
repository/DB/DBRepositoryClientTest.java
 repository.DB.DBRepositoryClientTest
service/PetServiceTest.java
 service.PetServiceTest
ui/ConsoleTest.java
 ui.ConsoleTest
repository/file/FileRepositoryAdoptionTest.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryAdoptionTest
repository/XML/XMLRepositoryPurchaseTest.java
 repository.XML.XMLRepositoryPurchaseTest
service/ClientServiceTest.java
 service.ClientServiceTest
domain/ClientTest.java
 domain.ClientTest
repository/InMemoryRepositoryTest.java
 repository.InMemoryRepositoryTest
service/ToyServiceTest.java
 service.ToyServiceTest
repository/XML/XMLRepositoryClientTest.java
 repository.XML.XMLRepositoryClientTest
service/StoreServiceTest.java
 service.StoreServiceTest
repository/file/FileRepositoryClientTest.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryClientTest
repository/file/FileRepositoryPetTest.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryPetTest
repository/file/FileRepositoryPurchaseTest.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryPurchaseTest
repository/file/FileRepositoryToyTest.java
 repository.file.FileRepositoryToyTest
